support league/flysystem-bundle v2.0 (#1179)
dustin10/VichUploaderBundle: docs/storage/flysystem.md

**Note:**

> > At the moment, only version 2 of bundle is supported.

Reviewer: You should add a conflict with the v1 in the composer.json

**Note:**

> > At the moment, no version of bundle is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> At the moment, only version 4 of bundle is supported.
```

Reviewer 2: I would point out to exact version. Something like "Since VichUploaderBundle v1.17, version 4 of bundle is supported. Version 3 is supported until VichUploaderBundle v1.16
